Add link to intro tutorial to the intro concept page (#1343)
astronomer/docs: learn/intro-to-airflow.md

- When you should use Airflow.
- Core Airflow concepts.

> :::info
> 
> For a hands-on introduction to Airflow using the Astro CLI check out the [Get started with Apache Airflow tutorial](get-started-with-airflow.md).
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a hands-on introduction to Airflow using the Astro CLI, see [Get started with Apache Airflow](get-started-with-airflow.md).
```

There's so little else in the intro that I think we can skip on the `info` box here.
